the last few seconds run emsdetten
comes more normal in front and meets now
no more hold
standing ovations cheering fans in the middle
inside the tva the victorious against the tv
Please do not even ask yourself correctly
At least that's what it looked like
saturday evening in the ems hall after
could play a thrilling game
tvg finally with two points
adopted in the carnival weekend
well an hour before saw the whole thing too
a little different
the tv emsdetten stood in front of his first
home game after the winter break and
had to go no less than equal
ran the tv askfeld
currently in the league the second
table place so this will n it tv
not easy especially if you have that
hinspiel still in the back of the head had that
the data then with 23 to 35 valo yet
Today they wanted to do better
we jump in mirror the tvm made
pressure immediately wanted to show that she was there
we were here all her son the 1 0
einnetzte and crete from this
safely turned seven meters
after a few minutes, the tv managed
by good offensive action but also
through the outstanding performance of
Goalkeeper Nils babin a three goals
but not only at wien showed
in top form but also his
opponent on the other side
Dragan Labovic made the dettener
offensive very hard and put
under proof like here with the
held seven meters tv tv field
again morning air inaccuracies
the green and strong power of the tv
askfeld let the three gates lead
just melt away like that
suddenly it's five to six now
first had a team time out ago
trainer teun buijs now had the
find correct words
and this also seemed to have worked out
the tv was better back held
meets cabins clean and
front was hit again
with the strike of oliver gerson could
the tv settle down again
and went with 11 to 9 in the
halftime break
the tv askfeld had to pass
Definitely refill two, after all
emsdetten remained strong that of
now here for the 12 to 9 1 and short time
later even 14 to 9 5 gates
but as at half past one, the fainted
Dettener suddenly and above all wire
to the agfa nailed like a gate
the game out or seven meters
was no longer able to get through
the defensive of tvs had problems and
then there were even two more minutes left
janko 16 to 17 and a man less
now it was really hard
but the tv was again stronger that and
to balance and then the parade of
newly arrived herbal stefan nippes
now even the leadership was in it
but also unnecessary again
error bad pass from annas and
again pave the ceiling by
in the back only two minutes on the clock
Now it has been exciting Amazon
but his miscarriage is good again
here for 22 22
only just a minute request box in the
ball possession but then the tva gets the
ball and now it has to go fast
the number 23 she likes to keep preaching
a cool head and net safely
to 23 22
askfeld neither in possession of ball and
stefan nippes again holds the ball and
thus the chance on two points
but at the latest after this attack and
the gate to 24 22 was clear
Emsdetten had won
I think we playfully have over 60
minutes convinced and over again
We have good chances on the game
but if we are on such a strong
Opponents meet we ask for support
Then there so that when we talk about weeks
long will eventually come back otherwise
I believe the colleague at askfeld
The goalkeeper is the goalkeeper
second league so it runs around which a
very experienced man
That's why he has so many free
chances are thwarted you have to say that is
simply the quality of the can bring
I think they have today
fought sacrificially and everything in
Thrown in the balance we knew that
is a very difficult game because
we are against the physically very strong
opponents play and we have good
have done a lot of fighting
won the game today
I have been today we will today
believe we all have
on our performance limit gone
or we are all on ours
Power limits are gone then comes like that
a results-out yes we that times four
days free
We will definitely do that today
then enjoy the next few days too
then we play at home I know that
but at home against ae I believe exactly
and he then we hope that that
first year it is a first two
three years in a row again
It would be nice to win
we'll go celebrate right now
I have my costume for the first time
a little baffled for years I believe
I